# HackingWithSwift Course Code
HwS project assets available from: 
https://github.com/twostraws/HackingWithSwift


IntroToSwift - Swift Playground with overview of Swift Syntax


Project 1 - StormViewer: UITableView, UIImageView, FileManager, NavigationController

Project 2 - GuessTheFlag: Assets, UIButton, CALayer, UIColor, UIAlertController

Project 3 - StormViewrShare: Project 1 + social media sharing, UIBarButtonItem, 
UIActivityViewController, URL

Project 4 - EasyBrowser: loadView(), WKWebView, URLRequest, UIToolbar, UIProgressView, 
KVO

Project 5 - Word Scramble: Closures, method return values, booleans, NSRange

Project 6 - AutoLayout: NSLayoutConstraint, Visual Format Language, layout anchors
    Proj6a - Modifying Project 2 to work in landscape mode
    Proj6b - AutoLayout in code

Project 7 - WhiteHouse: JSON, Data, UITabBarController
    Includes SwiftyJSON.swift that makes parsing JSON easier

Project 8 - SwiftyWords: addTarget(), enumerated(), count(), index(of:), joined(), 
                         property observers, range operators

Project 9 - GrandCentralDispatch: DispatchQueue, perform(inBackground:)

Project 10 - NamesToFaces: UICollectionView, UIImagePickerController, UUID, classes, 
             iOS Photo Library 
    Includes custom view (CollectionView cell) and custom Class (model style)

Project 11 - Pachinko: SpriteKit, physics, blend modes, radians, CGFloat, 
NSKeyedUnarchiver

Project 12 - UserDefaults: UserDefaults, NSCoding, Codable, NSKeyedArchiver
        12a - Uses NSCoding, NSKeyedArchiver, NSKeyedUnarchiver (objC)
        12b - Uses Codable, JSONEncoder, JSONDecoder (swift)

Project 13 - Instafilter: Core Image, UISlider, writing to the photo library

Project 14 - Whack-a-Penguin: SKCropNode, SKTexture, asyncAfter()

Project 15 - Animation: Core Animation, CGAffineTransform

Project 16 - JSInjection: Safari extensions, UITextView, NotificationCenter

Project 17 - SwiftyNinja: SKShapeNode, AVAudioPlayer, UIBezierPath, custom enums

Project 18 - Debugging: print(), assert(), breakpoints, and view debugging

Project 19 - CapitalCities - MKMapView, MKAnnotation, MKPinAnnotationView, 
CLLocationCoordinate2D

Project 20 - FireworksNight - Timer, follow(path:), sprite color blending, shake 
gestures

Project 21 - LocalNotification - UNUserNotificationCenter, UNNotificationRequest, 
UNMutableNotificationContent, UNCalendarNotificationTrigger, and 
UNTimeIntervalNotificationTrigger

Project 22 - DetectABeacon - CLLocationManager, CLBeaconRegion, CLProximity

Project 23 - SpaceRace - Per-pixel collision detection, advancing particle systems, 
linear and angular damping

Project 24 - SwiftExtensions - Language extensions, Swift playgrounds

Project 25 - SelfieShare - Multipeer Connectivity Framework

Project 26 - MarbleMaze - Core Motion, collision bitmasks, array reversing, compiler 
directives

Project 27 - CoreGraphicsDraw - Draw 2D shapes using Apple's high-speed drawing 
framework

Project 28 - SecretSwift - Touch ID, device keychain

Project 29 - ExplodingMonkeys - Mixing UIKit and SpriteKit, texture atlases, scene 
transitions, destructible terrain

Project 30 - Intruments - Profiling, shadows, image caching

Project 31 - MultiBrowser - UIStackView, multitasking for iPad, size classes

Project 32 - SwiftSearcher - Core Spotlight, SFSafariViewController, 
NSAttributedString, Dynamic Type, automatic UITableViewCell sizing

Project 33 - WhatIsThatWhistle - CloudKit, CKRecord, CKQuery, CKQuerySubscription, 
AVAudioRecorder, and push messages

Project 34 - FourInARow - GameplayKit, GKMinmaxStrategist, GKGameModel, UIStackView, 
map()

Project 35 - RNG - GameplayKit, GKRandomSource, GKARC4RandomSource, 
GKRandomDistribution, GKShuffledDistribution, GKGaussianDistribution

Project 36 - CrashyPlane - SKAudioNode, GameplayKit randomization, and the guard 
keyword

Project 37 - PsychicTester - CAEmitterLayer, CAGradientLayer, IBDesignable, 
transition(with:), 3D Touch, WatchKit

Project 38 - GitHubCommit - Core Data, NSPersistentContainer, NSFetchRequest, 
NSSortDescriptor, NSFetchedResultsController, DateFormatter

Project 39 - UnitTest - XCTest, measure(), filter(), sort(), NSCountedSet
